<span><span>Clayton C. VonDras</span></span>

<span>8049 South Drive</span>

<span>clvondras@gmail.com</span>

<span>Saint Louis, MO</span> <span>63117</span>

<span>(314) 775-7671</span>

<span>Synopsis</span> Data scientist with 2+ years of experience
creating statistical learning programs and data analyses in Python, R,
and Node.js. Fascinated by systems and driven to create, I relish the
opportunity to forge a rewarding career in an environment of
professional excellence which allows me to utilize my passions for
applied mathematics, statistics, economics, computer science, and
problem solving.

<span>Competencies</span> **Skills**

\[noitemsep,nolistsep\]

Programming experience in Python, R, Node.js, Julia, Ruby, FORTRAN, SQL,
MQL, Cypher, Excel, LaTeX, HTML5, CSS3, Unix shell, Git

Technical experience in statistical learning, predictive modeling, and
natural language processing

Detail-oriented, creative, quick learner, highly analytical, precise,
motivated.

**Certifications**

\[noitemsep, nolistsep\]

Google Partner status: Analytics, Search, Display, Video, Fundamentals

<span>Professional Experience</span>

<span>Data Scientist</span><span>Coolfire Studios</span><span>Saint
Louis, MO</span><span>March 2014 — June 2016</span>

Developed the data science program for the Digital Engagement division

Created scripts to rapidly collect social data from YouTube, Facebook,
AdWords, and Twitter APIs, at-scale

Visualized data and relationships with `ggplot2` and `d3.js`

Created a classifier to predict the demographics and interests of a
YouTube channel’s audience based on subscriptions, likes, and comments

Used natural language processing techniques to analyze the sentiment of
and extract keywords from YouTube and Facebook comments

Implemented a video tagging scheme to better use video retention
time-series data to inform content decisions

Created a program to quickly generate audits of business verticals on
YouTube using `rmarkdown` and `knitr`

Reverse-engineered server calls to extract historical data from YouTube
videos

Combined SSA baby name data with actuarial life tables to predict the
age and gender of email list members from their first name

Segmented Facebook audiences with graph clustering algorithms to analyze
audience evolution through time

Predicted future fluctuations in ad market prices with multivariate
models to choose best time to launch campaigns

Used linear models to estimate e-commerce revenue from social data

<span>Education</span>

<span>Indiana University, Bloomington, IN</span><span>Mathematics,
B.A.</span><span>Aug 2008 — Dec 2013</span>

**Coursework**

\[noitemsep, nolistsep\]

Multivariable Vector Calculus, Linear Algebra, Probability Theory,
Numerical Analysis, Real Analysis, Classical Mechanics.

Econometrics, Financial Economics, Economics of Money and Banking,
Financial Accounting, Options Pricing Theory.

<span>Community Service & Leadership</span>

<span>Projects and Events Director</span><span>Student Sustainability
Council</span><span>Bloomington, IN</span><span>May 2012 — Dec
2012</span>

Responsible for the planning and execution of SustainIU Week 2013 and
all Council-sponsored projects and events

Managed allocation and coordination of a 12,000 Green Initiative Grant

<span>Member-at-Large</span><span>Volunteers in
Sustainability</span><span>Bloomington, IN</span><span>May 2011 — May
2012</span>

Advised members of the executive committee and fulfilled the duties of
Coordinator in their absence

<span>Coordinator</span><span>Volunteers in
Sustainability</span><span>Bloomington, IN</span><span>May 2010 — May
2011</span>

Directed meetings and serve as chief executive of ViS

<span>Vice President of Membership</span><span>A$\Phi\Omega$ Service
Fraternity</span><span>Bloomington, IN</span><span>May 2010 — May
2011</span>

Planned requisite social events, managed appointed officers and status
of 100 active members

<span>Honors & Awards</span>

<span>Distinguished Service Key Award</span><span>A$\Phi\Omega$ Service
Fraternity – for outstanding service to Chapter and
Community</span><span>Dec 2012</span>
